Infrared Array Sensor
AMGU4241
Grid-EYE Unit Type
▼Detection range (estimate) when the ceiling is 2.7 m high
This product detects the presence of humans by measuring the temperature
distribution in the detection area and detecting the movement of objects that
have a higher temperature than the background.
* A human body may not be detected when the difference between its surface
temperature and the room temperature is small.
□3.6 m
Near the air outlet of an air A place with rapid temperature
conditioner, etc. changes
A place with highly reflective
A place with an automated moving
floor surfaces
object
A place where the floor temperature
is high due to sunlight, floor heating, etc.
A place with swinging objects
■ RS485 Communication line wiring
■ Terminal arrangement
32 16 8 4 2 1
ON
■ Applicable cables ON
1 2 3 4 5 6
1 2 3 4 5 6
10 mm ON
1 2 3 4 5 6
m
6.1
Model No.
Installation Instructions
Please make sure to read this manual before installation.
Safety Precautions Please make sure to follow Advance Check Items and Installation Requirements
1. Avoid incorrect wire connections and short circuits.
2. Wipe off stains using soft, dry cloth without scratching.
Warning
Avoid using thinners, alkaline detergents, acid detergents, cleansers,
pesticides, etc. Their use may cause a failure.
● Insert cables deep enough for ensuring a wire connection.
Inadequate insertion may produce heat, causing burnout or fire.
Detection Range
Must be followed
Operation lamp
Illuminates red when a human
body is detected
Avoid installation in the following places.
Note: The detection range
varies depending on the
installation height.
● The ceiling height must be 2.7 m or lower.
The product cannot be used on a sloped ceiling.
How to Mount
φ +5
100 mm
0
Ceiling board thickness:
30 mm or less
Depth above the ceiling
surface: 50 mm or more
Clamping metal fitting
Lower the fitting to fix by
turning the screw with
a Philips screwdriver.
Wiring Diagram
* Remove the protection
film attached to the sensor
Claw part
surface before mounting
the cover.
Power
supply Input Feed Termination
Sensor
(DC24V) Note: Do not touch the
Termination side
sensor surface.
Removal
入力 送り 終端 入力 送り 終端
＋−＋−E E ＋−＋−E E groove
Cover
DC24V DC24V DC24V DC24V
OND OND OND OND
入力 送り 入力 送り
Control
How to Remove the Cover
device
The termination-side device's
D class grounding D class grounding feed and termination terminals Turn right and left
must be connected to each other.
Cover
Screwdriver
• Use shielded twisted pair cables.
• The shield must be grounded at one end. Ground terminals are for grounding only Removal groove
and require D class grounding. Ceiling surface
• Use transition wiring for device connections. (Branch wiring not applicable)
* Check the detection
range after installation.
RS485 Address Setting
DC24V GND DC24VGND ＋ − ＋ − E E Area mask setting
switch (4-bit)
Power Power Contact output Binary numbers Example of address setting
supply supply RS485 RS485 Termination
(Input) (Feed)
(Input) (Feed) Address: 1
Power cable Address: 8
φ0.65 toφ0.9 Cu (copper) Single wire only
Address setting switch
RS485 signal cable
Reset switch (6-bit)
φ0.65 toφ0.9 CPEV cable Press the reset switch
after setting changes.
* Use binary numbers for address setting.
Area Mask Function
Setting the 4-bit switch enables the masking of the detection area. (The shaded area will not be detected.) Press the reset switch after setting changes.
Setting Mask setting area Setting Mask setting area Setting Mask setting area
ON ON ON
No masking
1 2 3 4 1 2 3 4 1 2 3 4
ON ON ON
1 2 3 4 1 2 3 4 1 2 3 4
ON ON ON
1 2 3 4 1 2 3 4 1 2 3 4
X
Coordinates
0 1 2 3
ON ON
0
1 2 3 4 1 2 3 4 Y 1
2
The operation
3
lamp side
Ratings/Specifications Communication Specifications
Items Specifications Items Specifications
Rated voltage 24 V DC Communication method RS-485
Detection range (at a position 1.6 m away from the ceiling) □3.6 m Communication protocol MODBUS（RTU)
1.7 m/s (6 km/h) or lower Baud rate 38,400 bps
(Rapid movements may not be detected
Detection object movement speed depending on the temperature difference with Start bit 1-bit
the background) Stop bit 1-bit
Detection position accuracy ±500 mm (when seated) Parity bit 1-bit (Parity: odd)
Detectable number of people 8 or less (2 or less in □1.8 m) Communication address setting range 1 to 63
Room temperature allowing human detection 10ºC to 29ºC (May not be detected due to clothing)
Output coordinates 16 divisions (4×4)
Operation lamp Illuminates red when a human body is detected
Contact output Outputs ON when a human body is detected (DC 24 V, 0.1 A or less)
Maximum wiring length 500 m or less
Q&A for Operation Check
State Possible causes Check/Action
All the devices connected to the communication line of a control device must have different addresses.
Addresses are not set, or the address of a device coincides Check the address setting status and specify an address different from the other devices.
with that of other devices. Press the reset switch after setting changes.
The setting changes are not effective until the reset switch is pressed.
Unable to
communicate Communication cables are not correctly inserted or connected. Connect the communication cables correctly to the quick-connection terminals.
Communication settings do not agree with those of the control device. Check the communication specifications and set the control device to match. (Baud rate, start bit, stop bit, and parity bit)
Termination-side device is incorrectly connected. Check the connection status of the termination-side device and connect correctly.
Termination setting is not specified on the control device. Check the manual, etc. of the control device and specify the correct termination setting.
The product's detection operation is carried out based on the principle of using the temperature difference with the
The temperature difference with the background temperature is small. background, therefore a human body may not be detected when the difference between its surface temperature and
the background temperature is very small due to cold weather gear, etc.
The background temperature is higher than that of human subjects. A human body cannot be detected when its temperature is lower than the background.
The detection area is not correctly arranged. Check whether the installation allows for the correct orientation of the detection area (quadrangular pyramid shape).
High moving speed A human body may not be detected when it moves fast.
Unable to detect The product recognizes moving processes within the detection area to detect a human body.If it stops moving immediately after
A person remains still near the edge of an area.
entering the area and remains still, the product may not be able torecognize its movement and thus may not recognize it as a human body.
If the installation height is too high, a human body will be further away from the product main body. As a result,
The installation height exceeds 2.7 m.
the size of the human body will appear relatively small and its temperature low, making detection more difficult.
The area mask setting is enabled. Area masking setting disables the detection of the masked area.
The protection film is left unremoved on the main body. Remove the protection film after installation.
A person remained still or did not move much for a long period of time. The detection terminates when unable to recognize any movement for more than 90 minutes.
The product recognizes moving processes within the detection area to detect a human body.
A person remains still near the edge of an area. If it stops moving immediately after entering the area and remains still, the product may not be able to recognize
The detection state its movement adequately and thus may revise its determination from a human body to an object.
does not last.
A group of people positioned close to each other may be recognized as one person.
A person entered the area with another person in mutual
A person is recognized as an object upon separating from another person in the area, and may not be
proximity and remained still after separating.
determined as a human body if he/she remains still after the separation.
Moving objects such as animals, moving devices, etc. The product's detection operation is carried out based on the principle of using the temperature difference with the background,
therefore moving objects that have a temperature difference with the background are difficult to distinguish from human bodies
Erroneous are within the detection area. and thus may be erroneously detected.
detection
Residual heat on a chair, etc., is detected after a person has A chair in contact with a human body has the same temperature as the body and may thus be detected even after
gotten up and left. the occupant has gotten up and left.It will not be detected once the temperature drops.
Device Solutions Business Division, Automotive & Industrial Systems Company, Panasonic Corporation
5 Ii, Awara-City, Fukui 919-0697, Japan
8A3 G97 0000 1
2013 M0213M0